Each pod assigned an IP address.
a Pod can connect to a Service running in a different namespace in its cluster. True
Kubernetes DNS allows a mechanism for cross-namespace service discovery by offering fully-qualified domain names.

How are the Pods for which a Service provides an endpoint determined? 
Using label selecter

What is the purpose of Services? 
To provide a static, load-balanced front end for transient Pods.

Service types and load balancers:-
There are three principle types of services. Cluster IP, node port and load balancer.

What is the main use of a Service of type ClusterIP?
Internal communication within a cluster

What is the difference between a Service of type ClusterIP and one of type NodePort?
In addition to exposing the service at a particular cluster IP address, a NodePort Service also exposes the service on every node at a particular port number.

What is the main use of a Service of type LoadBalancer?
Exposing services outside a cluster

The Ingress resource:-
How does an Ingress resource decide how to route incoming requests?
By the host name and resource path requested

What is the main purpose of an Ingress resource?
To provide external access to one or more Services

Container-native load balancing:-

What is the purpose of enabling network policies in a Kubernetes cluster?
To restrict network access from a Pod to other Pods and Services inside the cluster

What are the requirements for enabling network security policies? Choose all answers that are correct
All nodes must be of machine type n1-standard-1 or higher.
You must have at least 2 nodes.
You must restart your nodes.

"""""""""""
Note: The kubectl switches used here in conjunction with the run command are important to note.

--stdin ( alternatively -i ) creates an interactive session attached to STDIN on the container.

--tty ( alternatively -t ) allocates a TTY for each container in the pod.

--rm instructs Kubernetes to treat this as a temporary Pod that will be removed as soon as it completes its startup task. As this is an interactive session it will be removed as soon as the user exits the session.

--label ( alternatively -l ) adds a set of labels to the pod.

--restart defines the restart policy for the Pod   """"""""""

Google Kubernetes Engine Networking:-

You have updated your application and deployed a new Pod. What step can you take to ensure that you can access the Pod and and the Pod's application throughout the lifecycle of the Pod using a durable IP address?

Deploy a Kubernetes Service with a selector that locates the application's Pods.

During testing you cannot find the GCP Load Balancer that should have been configured for your application. You check the manifest for the applicaton and notice that the application's front-end Service type is ClusterIP. How can you correct this?

Define spec.type as LoadBalancer in the YAML manifest for the service and redeploy it.

What change can an administrator make to achieve the lowest possible latency when using a GCP load-balancer service to balance network traffic, minimizing double-hop traffic between nodes? Assume that container-native load balancing is not in use.

Set the externalTrafficPolicy field to local in the YAML manifest.

You are designing a GKE solution. One of your requirements is that network traffic load balancing should be directed to Pods directly, instead of balanced across nodes. What change can you make to your environment?

Configure or migrate your cluster to VPC-Native Mode and deploy a Container- native load balancer.

You need to apply a network policy to five Pods to block ingress traffic from other Pods. Each Pod has a label of app:demo-app. In your network policy manifest, you have specified the label app:demo-app in spec.podSelector. The policy is configured and when you list the Network Policies on your cluster you can see the policy listed but is not having any effect as you can still ping the Pods from other Pods in the cluster. What is the problem and what action can you take to correct this?

You have not enabled network policies on the cluster. Enable network policies on the cluster, and reboot all of the nodes.
